index.md, before:

## Hi I'm Hansel

This document is some information about how to get the most out of me as a manager. It's not meant to replace the personal relationship we will have but it's a good place to start. 

### What my roles is as a manager

I am trying to build a really great engineering department. To me that means finding people who are interested in the work we do here and providing them with the very best environment for doing it. 

I am especially interested in building systems that automate anything dangerous, repetitive, or boring. So that everyone can focus on solving the higher order problems that we face. 

I will always be making the broader context of your work clearer. Because specifications without context can be dangerous. To do this I'll be spending time with other parts of the business gathering that context and doing my best to communicate it to everyone in our department. Whether this is via internal blog posts, emails, slack or 1 to 1 chats.  

### Feedback

Whenever you have feedback for me please take some time to give it directly to me. If you don’t feel comfortable with this, please feel free to be open with another manager, even anonymously. I always want to hear feedback. No matter how small. 

If you would like feedback from me, please ask me directly. I try to give timely relevant feedback to everyone but I’m not perfect at this. I believe that people require different levels of feedback in order to do their best – let me know what works for you.

### 1-to-1s 

If I am your line manager then I will put 30 minutes into your calendar once every week. This is not something you need to prepare for. It's not a status update on your projects. 

The format for these meetings can vary a lot depending on what is going on. But they are first and foremost _your time_. Are there things that are bothering you? Do you want to know something about the business that isn't clear? Are you doing something right now that you don't have sufficient context for? Do you want to talk about your career or the next steps for you? We can discuss anything that you want to chat about privately. That's why I say they're not really for status updates or queries on current projects. For those things you should feel free to just come grab me at my desk or send me a slack / email.

I might use these times to give you feedback on your performance. I will definitely use this time to try and give you additional context about why we're doing what we're doing. 

### My general engineering philosophy

I think a good engineering department is responsive and helpful. We have the ability to multiply the effectiveness of the entire organisation as a whole.

Good engineering organisations are always asking why something happened. It's great to be able to quickly solve a problem in the moment. But we should always be looking deeper and finding the root cause for an issue in production, a bug in our app, or a source of frequent disruptions.

I believe people should be in charge of the processes that affect them. That usually means teams making as many decisions as possible about how they work.

Commit message:

Add paragraph on making hard changes simple

index.md, after:

## Hi I'm Hansel

This document is some information about how to get the most out of me as a manager. It's not meant to replace the personal relationship we will have but it's a good place to start. 

### What my roles is as a manager

I am trying to build a really great engineering department. To me that means finding people who are interested in the work we do here and providing them with the very best environment for doing it. 

I am especially interested in building systems that automate anything dangerous, repetitive, or boring. So that everyone can focus on solving the higher order problems that we face. 

I will always be making the broader context of your work clearer. Because specifications without context can be dangerous. To do this I'll be spending time with other parts of the business gathering that context and doing my best to communicate it to everyone in our department. Whether this is via internal blog posts, emails, slack or 1 to 1 chats.  

### Feedback

Whenever you have feedback for me please take some time to give it directly to me. If you don’t feel comfortable with this, please feel free to be open with another manager, even anonymously. I always want to hear feedback. No matter how small. 

If you would like feedback from me, please ask me directly. I try to give timely relevant feedback to everyone but I’m not perfect at this. I believe that people require different levels of feedback in order to do their best – let me know what works for you.

### 1-to-1s 

If I am your line manager then I will put 30 minutes into your calendar once every week. This is not something you need to prepare for. It's not a status update on your projects. 

The format for these meetings can vary a lot depending on what is going on. But they are first and foremost _your time_. Are there things that are bothering you? Do you want to know something about the business that isn't clear? Are you doing something right now that you don't have sufficient context for? Do you want to talk about your career or the next steps for you? We can discuss anything that you want to chat about privately. That's why I say they're not really for status updates or queries on current projects. For those things you should feel free to just come grab me at my desk or send me a slack / email.

I might use these times to give you feedback on your performance. I will definitely use this time to try and give you additional context about why we're doing what we're doing. 

### My general engineering philosophy

I think a good engineering department is responsive and helpful. We have the ability to multiply the effectiveness of the entire organisation as a whole. We can do that by fixing problems for our internal and external users quickly and with a committment to creating an amazing user experience.

Good engineering organisations are always asking why something happened. It's great to be able to quickly solve a problem in the moment. But we should always be looking deeper and finding the root cause for an issue in production, a bug in our app, or a source of frequent disruptions.

If something is very hard to change or fix. Then I encourage you to take the time to make it easier to change or fix the service or product you are working on. With apologies to Kent Beck, make the hard change simple, then make the simple change. 

I believe people should be in charge of the processes that affect them. That usually means teams making as many decisions as possible about how they work. But do talk to me about big decisions, especially those that will affect other teams. It's often possible that I will have additional context to help you make those decisions.
